=pod

=for nobody_in_particular
 
 POD > JavaDoc. Just saying.

=head1 Commands

 Commands is a mod for minecraft, built using the MinecraftForge API.
 
=head2 The actual commands it provides

 Commands provides lots of commands:

=over 4

=item B</back>

 Can be found as keepcalm.mods.sCommands.Commands.CommandBack
 Go back to your previous location.
 When you use it, it sets the location you were at WHEN you typed /back
 to your location. So /back twice results in you being at the same spot.
 Not dimension-sensitive at present.

=item B</gentree>

 Can be found at keepcalm.mods.sCommands.Commands.CommandBigTree
 Puts a tree where you're standing. And moves you a block along the X axis.

=item B</burn PLAYER>

 Burn player for 5 seconds.

=item B</deop>

 Registered in single player only. Lets you switch cheats off.

=item B</fireball>

 Shoots a fireball, in the OPPOSITE direction to the way you're facing.
 That's not deliberate, I'm not sure why it does that

=item B</fly>

 Lets you fly/not fly

=item B</setjail JAILNAME>

 Make where you're standing a jail called JAILNAME. Dimension-sensitive

=item B</unjail CRIMINAL>

 Remove criminal from jail. Sends them back to where they were
 (dimension-sensitive)

=item B</jail JAILNAME PLAYER>

 Send PLAYER to JAILNAME. Unfortunately, they can break blocks for some reason
 I'm trying to work out why. You'll be glad to know that they can't place
 blocks, though.
 Jailed players might be persistent over login/logout, I'm not sure.

=item B</listjails>

 Shows you all the jails you have available.

=item B</deljail JAILNAME>

 Removes JAILNAME from jail list.

=item B</jump>

 Jump to where you're pointing. Has a limit of 128 blocks, and
 if you aim below the horizon, you'll only move forwards a block.

=item B</mute PLAYER>

 Mute PLAYER. Will only fully disappear on clients with Commands installed.
 Due to the order in which Forge handles Chat packets, the mod gets the
 message before the server puts <PlayerName> on them, so clients without
 Commands will end up with a bunch of empty <PlayerName> messages.

=item B</op PLAYER>
 
 Op a player - intended for use in SP, to turn cheats on.

=item B</ping>
 
 Says pong to you.

=item B</powercontrol add|remove PLAYER>

 Alternate method of OPping people, but only works with Commands commands.

=item B</strike>

 Make lightning where you're looking. Has the same drawbacks as B</jump>.

=item B</tpyes>

 Accept a pending TPA request

=item B</tpa PLAYER I<OR> /tpa PLAYER X Y Z I<OR> /tpa PLAYER1 PLAYER2>

 Teleport either (a) you to a player, (b) player to XYZ or player1 to player2.
 For variations A and B, PLAYER must accept, and for variation C,
 both players must accept.

=item B</tpno>
 
 Deny a pending TPA request
 
=item B</whoami>

 Tells you who you are. Useful in eclipse.


=back

=head3 "But what about those other files?"

 The ones in keepcalm.mods.sCommands.Commands that aren't mentioned either
 don't work the way they're meant to or are just for testing things,
 and the ones in keepcalm.mods.sCommands.Commands.Dimension are things I'm
 experimenting with.

=head1 BUGS

 Not that there ARE any, but if you find some, either say something here or
 on minecraftforum.net. Good luck finding the topic ;).

 Just bewarned: I need a crash log, and go and look at 
 http://www.minecraftforge.net/forum/index.php/topic,2429.0.html
 You may find it useful, if your error is one of those there, then
 don't tell me...

=head1 LICENSE

 This mod is licensed under the Minecraft Mod Public License version 1.0.1
 (the difference between 1.0.1 and 1.0 is I fixed the spelling mistake, under
 5. Derivation rights. The license may be found in this repository, as 
 MMPL-1.0.1.txt.
